Why did you steal my wine?
Oh.
I have the guest's permission I should not do this
So can I have a taste? Well, you can try it.
As expected of the reincarnation of the Laughter Club
Do you want to throw a good set?
I don't flirt with people
Yeah, I know.
Only if you have money
Hey
That man just now is your boyfriend.
No.
It's the slag that doesn't match.
How to recover slag
He wants mine
You don't want to
Nonsense is you, would you?
He wants your discretion
By the way, last time I told you to invite your friend to a party
Do you have a party dress?
No, you want to buy it for me, and we'll buy you clothes after dinner. Okay?
Nini, you see, this cufflink is quite special.
Yeah, it's pretty special.
I just do it
Nothing special.
Please take out this pile of cuffs and show me
Yanyan, come shopping too
How much is this?
I want to buy it too